Updated learning resources and added an Info component (#2968)
nodejs/nodejs.dev: content/learn/getting-started/node-with-typescript.en.md

title: nodejs-with-typescript
displayTitle: 'Node.js with TypeScript'
description: 'Find out why TypeScript is an awesome tool and learn to use it by yourself.'
authors: sbielenica, ovflowd, vaishnav-mk
category: learn
---

## What is TypeScript

> [**TypeScript**](https://www.typescriptlang.org) is a very popular open-source language maintained and developed by Microsoft, it's loved and used by a lot of software developers around the world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org)** is a trendy open-source language maintained and developed by Microsoft, it's loved and used by a lot of software developers around the world.
```

```bash
npx tsc example.ts
```

> > <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx">npx</a> here stands for Node Package Execute. This tool allows us to run TypeScript's compiler without having to install it globally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [npx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx) here stands for Node Package Execute. This tool allows us to run TypeScript's compiler without installing it globally.
```

Does this work?

Author: It does!
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84540554/199267492-337a3bbf-3d1a-4d31-8392-8d4956d3029d.png)

`tsc` is the TypeScript compiler which will take our TypeScript code and compile it to JavaScript.

This command will result in a new file named `example.js` that we can run using Node.js.
Now when we know how to compile and run TypeScript code let's see TypeScript bug-preventing capabilities in action!

> 

Reviewer: Why this extra line?

Author: I thought of explaining tsc in a separate line as I wanted to explain the command and then proceed with the output rather than having them both together. Should I change it?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84540554/199342699-2e90a11b-5247-4270-8933-b4475dd2e4ba.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84540554/199342886-7e0261aa-0ac9-4e28-941a-81a7312831eb.png)

Reviewer: I think it should be together, no extra line 👀
